---
layout: post
title: a Special 9th
date: '2007-06-09T23:59:00.000+08:00'
author: Kaer
tags:
- dates
modified_time: '2012-10-01T20:44:12.749+08:00'
thumbnail: http://lh4.google.com/image/kaer84/Rm1KAMq6R2I/AAAAAAAADLA/IHUF5i9Ot1E/s72-c/DSCF3102.jpg
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-5086583722519664585.post-2472761158072049194
blogger_orig_url: http://geek-looking-glass.blogspot.com/2007/06/special-9th.html
---

Picnic at the beach, 
lovingly prepared by dearest jiali.. there were juice, sandwiches and 
chocolate chip pancakes, and the birthday boy could not be any happier. It was 
a great way to spend the day, just sitting by the beach with the sun and sea 
breeze lifting our spirits. My first present was ... a scrapbook of the 
memories we had together, and we relieved the moments we had so far, hmm.. it 
was really very sweet and thank you for putting in the time and effort into 
it! Yup, and there will be plenty more occasions for us to fill up the 
scrapbook with =) 
 
With the sun getting a tad too warm for 
comfort, we headed for some ice cream but the place was just too crowded (a 
total of 3 people inside the parlour which only had seating space for 4) so we 
left for the Hong Kong Cafe at Katong where we tried the dessert and noodles, 
which wasn't too bad, but a tad expensive. 
 
With that, we headed to Basil Alcove, 
located near bugis, which serves fine dining at cheap prices, albeit in an 
outdoor, a bit kopi tiam like seating, but it wasn't all that bad, and still 
quite comfortable. We had been trying to check out this restaurant for hmm, at 
least 3 times now, so Yes! We finally managed to come. Food presentation was 
top class, taste was good also, but there were certain stuff which might be 
considered weird and perhaps we aren't exactly receptive to some of them. So.. 
thanks for the meal! ~ Gochiso-sama desu! 
Had 
a great time at dinner and on to cake cutting next, where we decided on Mount 
Faber.. Haha, I had to huff and puff up the stairs 3 times, cos kept 
forgetting to bring something, though not the entire stairs, just from the 
carpark onwards, so it wasn't too bad, but still tiring! Fat and unfit now.. 
haha. We finally got everything done, and wah, the wind was definitely strong 
on this tiny mountain and we had to make sure that the candles were well 
shielded. Birthday wishes... may them come true? Birthday, as significant as 
it might be to me, is really just another day on the calendar and I'm just 
happy to be able to spend it with a loved one and cherish the moments, had a 
great time and many thanks to the planner who made it all possible! 
 