---
layout: post
title: dinner - 01S19
date: '2007-07-04T20:48:00.000+08:00'
author: Kaer
tags:
- places
modified_time: '2007-07-14T16:05:45.890+08:00'
thumbnail: http://lh6.google.com/kaer84/RpA6URvISAI/AAAAAAAADQY/a6ln3IuSA1Y/s72-c/IMG_1521.JPG
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-5086583722519664585.post-2648330527478627129
blogger_orig_url: http://geek-looking-glass.blogspot.com/2007/07/dinner-01s19.html
---

 
01S19 
 
Had a JC class outing last saturday, we 
were at Katong area and went across to Aston's for our dinner. It had become 
quite famous and been wanting to go there for sometime but got put off cause 
of the large crowds / long wait.. 

Other than the usual JC clique, have not 
met up with the rest of the class for quite sometime and it was good seeing 
them again. Well, all the girls have by now graduated, so it was time to delve 
into the job market or pursue higher qualifications, the doctors were all back 
from their overseas trip, and had tons of experience to share, so all in all, 
it was just great to catch up with the rest of the class. 

Well, food @ Aston's exceeded expectations, 
didn't try their Wagyu beef but went for the more economical range of Chicken 
chop and with us being greedy little fools, the 3 of us, Amos, Alan and me 
both ordered 2 chicken chop each, and each main dish came with 2 side dishes, 
so I tried the Corn on the cob, French fries, Pasta, Onion Rings.. oh, there 
were many ways to prepare the chicken also, and I went for the crispy one and 
a bbq styled. The crispy was really just over fried and wasn't nice at all, 
had a non standard batter, but just too thick and hard for my liking. The 
hickory bbq chix was quite good though. Anyway, the portions weren't small and 
2 main dishes was really pushing it for me. But all in all, at least had a 
nice filled up tummy! 

 
 
Went over to Siglap Starbucks for coffee, wee, walking distance home.. I like 
this sort of outings, where after saying bye, you are home in like .. hmm 5-10 
min? Shuang! We all crowded round 2 of the small tables and just find out what 
each other had been doing these recent months and years, chat abit and before 
we knew it, time to call it a night... 