---
layout: post
title: week Number 6
date: '2007-10-05T00:10:00.000+08:00'
author: Kaer
tags:
- work
categories: personal
modified_time: '2012-10-01T20:58:01.820+08:00'
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-5086583722519664585.post-4165888785816291915
blogger_orig_url: http://geek-looking-glass.blogspot.com/2007/10/what-day.html
---

Every day in camp just flies by.. and 6 weeks has just passed like 
that? Without tests to study, the nights are much less stressful and much much 
more enjoyable. Hmm, the starting part of the week was spent editing the 
course video, trying to hit the deadline of Thursday and though it took up 
quite abit of time, it was fun nonetheless, and when we finally screened it, 
whew =) at least glad the response was positive and encouraging, and guess we 
were very happy that the class liked it. Despite having watched the video 
countless times during the editing process, when watching it together with the 
class, we still all laughed together at the stupid moments, and it was just a 
great feeling. 
With a large bunch that left us on Friday, 
guess the weeks ahead will be more muted and sian, looks like I will be 
spending more time travelling around in exchange for more freedom, as we will 
be attached out. Hmm, haven't really decided whether I should stay Punggol, 
where there's nothing currently, and it will effectively be just a place to 
sleep though it will be more convenient travel-wise. Decisions decisions, even 
going up to Punggol would involve quite a bit of planning in terms of 
clothing, necessities like hmm, my Laptop? 

Perhaps I should have bought the EX =). 
Then the headache wouldn't be so evident. Mostly everybody have got their car, 
haha and to blue vios owners, very much respect your car lar.. I can't even 
compare in the first place, got nothing =(. I take back all the stupid jokes I 
made about your car k? Haha.. need you to drive me around soon leh! Talking about cars, made my first mistake, haha 
reversing into a pillar, gah, left a slight scratch + dent on daddy's car. Was 
trying to rush and didn't notice the pillar edge at the corner... really 
becoming more careless nowadays! Oh well, lucky that it wasn't anything 
serious... good reminder? 