---

layout: post
title: Nice
date: '2013-03-21 05:08'
categories: personal
tags: [travel]
published: true

---

Nice (pronounced like the English word "niece") is a large city in France on the French Riviera. It was our base station to explore the nearby towns of Monaco and Monte Carlo. The city itself is known for the beautiful view on the Promenade des Anglais, its famous waterfront, and is an ethnically diverse port city.

Nice was the only place where we stayed for 2 nights and had some time to walk around at night. Our hotel was near the train station so that we could easily get to Monacco and out which was really convenient since the beach was - let's just say I wouldn't even really call a pebble beach a beach - maybe more like nice water frontage..I must add that I managed to do my peer assessments and last quiz for my macroecons course along the way at the hotel at night!

###Day 7: Nice and Aix-En-Provence
 
Bright and early we headed to check out Nice. Nice was the only place we stayed for 2 nights in a row! Gosh really miss not moving hotels all the time. But I have become quite the even more efficient packer - though this trip really brought much more clothes cos of the cold

Ruins at Castle Hill

We passed the acropolis - some exhibition centre and their arts museum with a huge head sculpture in the form of a cube. It was part of some square - Place Garibaldi.
 
We walked to the castle hill - it was another upslope but the view is the beach front was worth it. It used to be where the medival village and roman town was built now left in ruins. Kind like a little roman ruins left behind. There was some fort (Tour Bellanda) too and then we headed down.
 
We checked out the market - Cours Selaya - it was small but pretty and bought some of my fave cherries.
 
Walking around the old town - Vieux Nice - it was a maze of old buildings and hidden in between were the gems of cathedrals etc We checked out some of the buildings like the Cathedral of Saint - Reparate and the Palais Lascaris. Which was an aristocratic palace built in the middle of the 17th century. Now made into some museum.. it was kind of quiet walk around the creaky building made to display many nice historical musical instruments.
 
The boulevard in Nice (famous too of the cote d azur) was more like some pebble beach. No doubt the boulevard looks like SF or Florida but really - pebbles beach is really painful and I see no lure to lie on the beach at all. No wonder Ang moh love Bali!
 
Although as we took the train down to Aix could see the different sort of beaches ( Arles, Cannes, marseille) - some abit nicer with at least sand!
 


