---
layout: post
title: Incoming
description: 
headline:
categories: personal
tags:
  - reflections
imagefeature:
comments: false
featured: true
published: true
---

## 2017-05-07

There's another one on it's way!

12 December 2017 - That's the official *pop* date, but it's going to be early, and things are going to change once again!

> Excited - Yeah!
Happy - Somewhat...
Worried - definitely!

We were at the clinic - waiting - and it brings back memories. Scary ones, and also happy ones. But the scary ones are always the worse. The uncertainty, the fear, and yet, within there’s always hope for a new beginning. When I first saw the scan, I was overjoyed - seeing the little one, all curled up. 

Assuming all goes well, the baby should be out in the first week of December - which means the confinement period will stretch into 2018. 

My mind immediately goes to numbers - At least, 2018 Chinese New Year is on 16 / 17 February - so no surcharges there. 

At this stage, we can’t tell yet if it is a girl or boy. There are pros and cons to both, so I wouldn’t really mind how the baby turns out. Mummy thinks it’s a boy though. Oh well, on the bright side, another one to play with.

## 2017-05-30

And life sure moves like a rollercoaster. Just weeks ago - Euphoria; and now - Despair. 

Despair that we had to say goodbye so early. Despair that the hospital has become a dreaded place one more. Despair; and also hope for the future in your brother. We were more assured, and prepared for the setbacks this time around, and I guess, even more prepared to handle the emotional torrent. But deep down, the goodbye still hurts.
